Lilac plastered her usual smile across her face, her arm trailing loosely behind her. Thankfully the energy that held the implants together was still active enough that she didn’t need to refill it for a while. The majority of the Varsin folk ignored her, just stepping around her and her arm. She didn’t mind being ignored at all, she was used to it. The glares barely bothered her either, or at least, they didn’t bother her when she stopped thinking. So she just walked. She knew the city inside and out thanks to her whip swing sessions, although she trusted that her instincts would get her back anyway. They usually got her where she needed to be. *Usually…. Why do I even trust them anymore? I just-* Lilac caught herself and emptied her mind, this time trying even harder. A car horn. That mild ringing in her ears. A dwarven accent. *Was that a human speaking with that accent? Was he just doing an impression? Or did he grow up around dwarves? Or-* She cut herself off again. She checked her sound card in the hopes she could drown out her thoughts with loud music, but it seemed to be malfunctioning. She would need to ask Beige for a few days off in order to go to the technicians, maybe even a physician too. *Ugh. Beige. I swear she has it out for me. Why in the Oracle’s name is she even allowed to give me the worst jobs. The bloody nerve.* She barely even noticed when she walked head-first into the doors of the agency building. She had forgotten to turn her stealth chip off. Again. *Inumo damn it. Well, at least I’ll have a nice sle-* Her thoughts were cut off with the intruder gas knocking her out yet again.

						\*

Beige glared down at the human corpse in front of her. The corpse, since it was not in-fact, dead, twitched, and its eyes darted open. The constant, unbearable grin on the corpse's face widened upon noticing Beige’s disapproving eyes. 

“Oh I’m so glad you could make it Beige, you were just what I needed, there's a scratch I can’t quite reach” The corpse, Lilac, of all people, spoke in her typical cheery tone as Beige continued to glare. “Oh come on, I had an amazing punchline to that, at least say *something*,” 

Beige steadied herself internally, attempting to remain professional around this human. “You are behind on paperwork, Lilac. I need you to finish all the paperwork you have not yet completed before I am allowed to send you on anymore jobs. That included the latest one, doubly so since this was one of our premium clients.”

“Well, when I said *you* were what I needed, I was more referring to that stick up your arse, since it'll probably be cleaner than your hands.” Lilac bellowed in the elven woman’s face. 

“Take as long as you would like to fill out the paperwork, there will be sufficient replacements until you are able to return.” She also added, upon seeing Lilac’s loose arm, “I would also advise you to see Doctor Brown, he can replace your energy reserves.” She turned and briskly left the room, not wanting to spend any longer than needed with that insufferably chipper human.