  
Beige POV Chapter

Lilac turned around, giving Beige a sly smirk, and leapt off the roof. Beige tried to reach and grab Lilac’s loose fitting white top before Lilac’s enhanced legs propelled her towards the roof of the next nearest building, but her hand just passed through the air, and she saw Lilac flip her off with both hands, as she turned into a blur of lilac and pink soaring up through the air.

Beige turned around and walked towards the open door to the agency roof muttering curses towards Lilac as she moved swiftly and precisely in the direction of the Director’s office on the seventh floor. As she opened the door she noticed the Director was away. Again. *Probably off gallivanting with* him *again, how much paperwork did he leave me this time.* She sighed, and, as always, started work on the paperwork for the agency. There was not a lot of work this time, however some of the requests that had been asked were complicated and required her to look through multiple different sections of penal code and agency regulations as well as finances to check whether or not they would be viable. She had memorised everything, of course, what good would she be to the company if she had to constantly relearn the documents she used a hundred times a day, She was most certainly not an *amateur*. She was the reason the agency was still running after all, especially now that Director Black had started neglecting even more of his duties. The next sheet of paper was a request from Lilac to install yet another new, barely tested implant. Beige thought for a moment, sighed, and moved the sheet into the now nearly empty pending pile. She would deal with this after getting back the full report from Lilac’s mission, from someone other than Lilac herself. Hopefully Teal, he’s rather diligent. *Ah Teal, his short brown hair, perfectly trimmed, his tight fitting blue suit and dress shoes. I wonder if he would be in the lunch room right now, it is close to his regular lunch break time now, perhaps I should go and…. No. I must not get distracted now. There is still work to be done.* Beige sighed, and continued on with her work.

Lilac time yay.