Lilac stretched her back as she looked over the never-ending city street from her perch on the thin translucent rope between two buildings. She wrapped her legs around the rope, making certain to renew the energy that kept it tangible, causing a faint blue light to pulse throughout it, as she leaned back and let her body flip upside down. She loved this view, it reminded her of an eagle, but she felt that this was even more human, as while an eagle would soar through the air selfishly, only looking down in search of food, she was able to look at all the people going about their days and imagine what their lives would be like. She could imagine all sorts of different backstories for everyone she saw through the zoom of her eye implant. Today, however, she had a purpose for looking at all the people. She ignored most of the humans as she scanned the busy street. There were a few dwarves, including a green one who caught her eye—there aren't many half-orc dwarves, let alone here in Kabuli. None of them were who she was looking for, however. No, the man she was looking for was… There\! Lilac reabsorbed all the energy from her rope, then reached her arm out and, as she fell threw an energy field towards one of the buildings between her and her target. It stuck to the wall, still far above the street and its pedestrians, then started to glow with a light blue hue, before an identical rope to the one Lilac was just hanging on shot out of the brick and onto the side of the building opposite. In anticipation of this happening as intended, Lilac pressed her hands together, concentrated a lot of her Energy into her left, and pulled her arm behind her, letting a loose and elastic rope start extending out from her palm. The rope continued to fall down, until she decided it was long enough, and flung it towards the newly formed anchor. The rope flew towards it, wrapping itself around the anchor, as Lilac made them merge together so the rope couldn't fall.