


“**Hello, and again, welcome to the Aperture Science Computer Aided Enrichment Centre**.” 

The monotonous voice spoke out as soon as Chell opened her eyes, sitting up in the glass suspension chamber she had been sleeping in. How long had it been? Chell couldn't remember. Though there was no mirror in sight to tell for certain, Chell looked down at her body, unable to see any visible change. 

She looked around her surroundings as the voice continued on, something about being processed for testing? The clear glass panels surrounding her kept her boxed in, and there was seemingly no exit to the room. There was a toilet that Chell decided it would be a good idea not to use, considering there was a viewing deck on the wall to the right of her bed, just outside the glass, with a working security camera on the wall next to it, its red light beaming down on her. A small radio was placed on the desk next to the toilet, humming a pleasant tune that brightened Chell's mood slightly. The final thing in the room that Chell noticed was a timer on the one wall not made out of glass, counting down from one minute, currently at 20 seconds. 

“**...and learning are the primary goals of all enrichment centre activities, serious injury may occur. For your own safety, and the safety of others, please refrain from— Por favor bord˜n de fellar. Muchos gracias de fellar gracias..**”

The voice glitched out, Chell unable to understand what happened to it, though able to tell that something had gone wrong with the safety announcement. She didn't mind too much, she wanted the announcement to be over with anyway, but that did not fill her with much hope for the tests she was apparently supposed to be performing from now on. She glanced back at the viewing room, thinking that someone might have come to check on her. The camera followed her as she moved around trying to get an angle to see someone. No one appeared. She sighed, presuming that it was just a one time glitch, and that the rest of the tests would probably be fine.

“**Stand back. The portal will open in 3\. 2\. 1\.**”

As the voice and timer finished their countdowns in sync with each other, there was a slight fizzling noise, and the wall below the timer erupted in an orange glow that instantly grew into an oval shape about two meters tall, and one wide. As Chell watched this glowing shape appear from seemingly nowhere, it vanished, being replaced by… nothing. Or rather, the wall itself was gone, and she could walk through it. Looking through the space, she could see herself, from a wall that she could just barely see in the corner of her vision, outside the confines of the glass room. She turned to her right, seeing if she could see herself there, and sure enough, there she was. 

Chell slowly inched her fingers towards the sizzling doorway with an orange glow that had spontaneously opened up, then hesitated, and turned towards the desk behind her. She picked up the radio, which was still humming its peaceful, upbeat tune, and walked back to the doorway. She stood in front of it, feet itching in the oddly designed shoes she had woken up in, and gently tossed the radio through the doorway. It landed on the ground in front of her with a crash. It *also* landed to the side of her, just outside the glass wall, and in front of the other doorway, this one with a blue glow around it. She presumed that it was, in fact, safe to travel through these doorways, and that the safety instructions hadn’t missed out any crucial information. This helped calm her nerves slightly, and she picked up the radio, checking for any scratches on it. 

She glanced to her right, a giant LED sign taking up the length of the entire wall, reading “00” in a giant font, and beneath it a small counter currently reading “00/19.” Chell smiled upon seeing this, as it seemed to imply that once she was completed with all 19 tests, she should be able to leave, wherever that may take her. She left the sign, walking around the room on the only path she could. A small walkway that took her around the outside of the glass room she had woken up in. She wondered when she had been moved to the glass room, since she hadn’t remembered waking up there. Thinking about it, there wasn't a lot that she could remember from before waking up. This worried her, but she tried to calm herself down by saying that she hasn't been awake for that long, and was probably asleep for quite some time. It's probably only natural to be a bit disorientated after waking up from one of those suspension chambers.

Chell quickly approached a circular door with a split in the center, its two halves whirred as they slid open in opposite directions as she got near it. Beyond the door she could see a perfectly clean, white room, with yet another viewing deck. This one, just like the last, was empty. There were two more notable sights in the room, alongside an exit door. The first was a large red button fixed to the floor, and the second was a large metal tube affixed to the ceiling in the furthest corner away from Chell. As Chell stepped into the room, the doors behind her slammed shut with a metallic thud, and would not reopen, even after Chell hesitantly placed her hand on it, accidentally dropping the radio on the floor as she did so. She decided to leave it there for now. 

The door closing shut and not reopening led Chell to only one conclusion, that if she wanted to leave this place she would need to complete the tests, or get someone from the viewing decks to let her out. If they ever turned up, at least.

She returned to surveying the room she was now stuck in, sneaking a glance at the viewing deck in the hopes she could catch a hint of someone watching her. She saw no one. She looked across the room, and decided the most sensible course of action for the time being was to step on the button, just to see what it does. She stood on it, and an LED beneath it started to glow, as the door on the other side of the room opened up. Chell stepped off the button, heading towards the now open door. The second she removed her foot from the button, the door slammed shut. Chell sighed, giving a small glare at the camera positioned slightly above the door, and went to stand back on the button. Before she reached it, however, she heard a metallic clang, and the tube opened up, with a large cube dropping down from above. Despite its size, the cube only made a light thud as it hit the ground. Chell looked over, but ignored it for now, moving back to the entrance door, and leaning over to pick up the radio she had dropped. She had already guessed what would be needed to solve the test, but wanted to see what would happen anyway. Chell dropped the still humming radio on the button. Nothing happened.

Disappointed but not surprised, Chell nudged the radio off the button with her foot and walked over to the cube. It was about a meter in each direction, up to Chell's thighs, and she decided to gently push it with her palm. While it didn’t move *easily*, the cube still moved along the path her arm was guiding it. Leaning down to pick up the cube, she found it was rather uncomfortable to hold given its dimensions, and quickly moved back towards the button. The door whirred open as Chell stood on it, cube in her arms, and she slowly stepped off the button, leaving the cube on top of it. The door stayed open. 

As Chell started to walk towards it, she was surprised by the monotonous robotic voice speaking out.

“**Excellent. Please move quickly to the chamber lock after completing each test.**”

Chell complied with the voice's request, correctly assuming the chamber lock was through the only way she could go. As she reached the door, she could see what looked to be a white circular elevator, and just before the entrance to it was an extremely thin transparent field, blue lasers shooting across from two objects attached to opposite facing walls. Before Chell could even think about what this might be, the voice continued.

“**First, however, note the Incandescent Particle Field across the exit. This Aperture Science Material Emancipation Grill will vaporise any unauthorised materials that pass through it. For instance, the Aperture Science Weighted Storage Cube.**”

Chell looked back at the cube, having been careful not to walk too far and be locked out. It sat stationary on the button, weighing it down and keeping the door open for her. She walked back to the button, and the radio that sat on the ground to the side of it. She picks up the radio, adjusting the volume slightly as she had accidentally increased it when she moved it off the button. She gently repeated the action of throwing it a few inches in the air and catching it as she walked towards the exit and the… what had the voice called it? Emancipation Grid? Particle Field?

The grid emitted a very quiet sizzling noise as Chell approached it. The voice had said it would vaporise unauthorised objects. Was she authorised? She assumed so, it would be quite difficult to continue the tests if she was not. Despite the logical assumption she had made for why it would not happen, Chell was still concerned about disintegrating. What certainly didn't help her fears was that the particle field in front of her started sizzling much more aggressively as her hand, still holding the radio, inched up to it.

Much like with the doorway from before, Chell decided to test the safety of the technology in front of her with the radio. Chell braced herself, closing her eyes and taking in a deep breath. She caressed the radio, then hesitantly gave it a quick kiss, before tossing it across the field towards the elevator beyond it.

The peaceful humming immediately cut short as the radio disintegrated into near nothingness, only a very small pile of ash remaining, scattering across the ground with the same momentum she had tossed the radio with. An electrical sound that Chell couldn't quite make out before over the sound of the radio's singing. It clung to Chell's ears as she backed away from the pulsing particle field, seemingly coming from outside of the room. She tried to focus on that sound as she walked straight into the now permanently shut door, only a few feet away from the vaporisation field.

Chell was hyperventilating given the situation, and was just barely able to look up. She noticed a security camera facing directly at her, its red light blinking with almost every breath. They were watching her. Whoever was running this place, at least. Chell's breathing became steadier as she stared at the camera, her eyebrows furrowing. Her eyes remained fixed.

Chell pointedly looked away from the camera, and walked towards the particle field with a newfound resolve. She stopped just in-front of it, closing her eyes. She took in one deep breath, filling her lungs to the brim with oxygen. Then, trying not to show the camera her fear, she stepped forward.

Nothing happened. Or rather, she wasn't vaporised. Her foot landed on the ground on the other side easily, and the rest of her quickly followed suit. She looked back at the field, this time from the other side, and, seeing the camera in her peripheral vision, tried to suppress her laughter. She had really been petrified of that? Chell turned away, walking into the elevator in front of her, as the doors closed behind her, and she rose to the next text chamber.
