
Chell felt like grabbing her ears and holding them shut at the elevator whirred up the facility with a metallic screech akin to a banshee. Fortunately for Chell, the elevator came to a stop rather quickly, and she was able to avoid listening to the scratching sound for any longer. She assumed it would return with the next elevator, though of course held out hope that there would be some maintenance staff able to oil the sides of the elevator in time. She recalled the viewing decks from the previous test chamber. She thought to herself that surely one of them would have evidence of a researcher there. Surely. Before she could finish her thought, the elevator doors whirred open, creating a noise far kinder on the ears than the elevator itself was, giving Chell a much needed break.

As soon as the doors opened, Chell could hear a now very familiar sound to her, the peppy, cheerful humming music that had accompanied her throughout most of the previous test chamber. Though she was unable to see the radio that was the source of the humming, she could already feel herself growing less anxious, and more excited to see what would happen in the next text. She stepped forwards out of the elevator, and was greeted with a massive LED sign, identical to the previous one, only the text now read “01/19.” She looked at the bottom of the sign, and noticed some things that she hadn’t before, now that she was paying more attention to the sign. There were 10 logos along the bottom middle, though it was quite hard for her to make out what each of them were, since they were not lit up like the rest of the sign. She also noticed the Aperture Laboratories logo in the bottom corner. Was the last one… cake? She thought to herself that that sounded rather nice as a reward for going through nineteen of these test chambers. 

What caught her attention the most, however, was not on the sign itself, but on the wall to the right of it. Seemingly coming down from the roof, she could see damp spots dripping down the top two panels. Chell tried to reach up and touch the darker patch on the wall, a potentially unwise decision, but she was unable to reach it, for it was too high up the wall. She relaxed herself, pointedly ignoring the damp wall, telling herself that the maintenance staff were probably going to fix the elevator and that at the same time. This helped mildly ease her fears, though they still remained in the back of her head as she focused on looking at the actual test chamber in front of her.

She walked away from the concerningly darkened wall, past the LED sign, to what seemed like a ledge that she would need to jump down in order to complete the test. The ledge appeared to be about the same height as the damp spot on the wall was, so Chell assumed she would be unable to return to the elevator. Given the elevator's proximity to the possible mouldy wall, she didn’t entirely mind that possibility.

She held on to the right side wall and what little support it provided as she leaned over the edge to survey the test area, Before she could get a good look at the testing area, however, right in front of Chell’s face was a security camera, like from the previous chamber, only this one had the radio perched on top of it, seemingly perfectly balanced to avoid falling off, though she knew the radio wouldn’t break from that given her repeated drops of her last radio. Chell smiled as she went to grab the radio, but then hesitated, pulling her hand away.

She wondered why the radio was perched in this specific spot, out of the view of the camera. Did someone place it here? If so, who could have done it? And when? She considered, unwillingly, that she might have to leave the radio behind. She was surprised at how disappointed she felt at the thought, then decided she would choose what to do after looking across the test chamber.

Chell could see a large empty room directly below the ledge she was leaning over, about one panel down, that was blocked off on each side by glass panels. Through the panel on her right, that she could only see through by moving around the camera in her face, Chell was able to see a single solitary storage cube. The rectangular shaped room that held the cube was seemingly completely inaccessible, with no entrances nor exits in sight. Chell turned around to face the opposite side of the room, a complete mirrored reflection, with one notable exception. As opposed to the isolated cube that was placed in the room on the right, the room on the left housed a single, big, red button, placed neatly on the floor just ahead of the end wall.

She turned to the walled off area directly in front of her, and rather unsurprisingly, saw the exit there. She did, however, make a note of the fact that there was a viewing deck, looking out over the exit, and *most* of the test chamber, with the security camera facing the rest. Chell turned around to the damp and potentially mouldy wall for a brief moment, before looking back at the exit, making certain the radio was secure on her orange jumpsuit, and jumping down.

She landed with a thud, but was surprised that she barely felt the impact at all, though she admitted it wasn't that much of a fall. As she landed, the voice spoke out again, seemingly coming from everywhere, despite no visible speakers anywhere in the test chamber. Chell was getting used to the monotonous, robotic tone of the voice that would likely be guiding her through the test chambers, and while she wasn't exactly pleased to hear it again, it didn't grate against her like the elevator had.

**Please place the Weighted Storage cube on the Weighted Storage Cube on the Fifteen Hundred Megawatt Aperture Science Heavy Duty Super-Colliding Super Button.**

The voice said nothing more, and Chell guessed that it was a collection of pre-recorded messages with certain responses for if she took certain actions. Chell took out the radio, fiddling with the audio, as two gateways opened up. An orange one directly beneath the ledge she had been standing on, and the blue one in the room with the button. She placed the radio on the ground, and walked through the door, assuming she would still be able to hear it from the other side of the glass. She noticed that she was right, as she walked towards the button. 

Chell stepped onto the button, turning behind her to see the door open up. She only saw it in her peripheral vision, however, as the main focus of her eyesight was the solid wall that was now placed in front of her. The one she had just walked through in order to access the room. Chell sat down on the button, her head spinning. She might be trapped. Had she messed up this seemingly easy test somehow? Someone would come help her if she *was* trapped, wouldn't they? She tried to focus on the radio's humming, looking towards it for support. As if it could hear her, the volume of the song had reach a trough, just long enough for Chell to hear the high pitched fizzling of the doorway seemingly closing and reopening. 

She glanced towards the direction of the noise, to see the blue gateway appear in the room with the cube for a few seconds, before fizzling out again, re-materialising with a slightly higher pitched noise in the room with Chell. She scrambled to her feet and ducked towards the gateway, managed to get through just a fraction before it closed. She slid on the ground, hurting her palms and knees, but she was safe and back in the open room she had jumped down to. Chell turned to face the orange gateway, but didn't dare to step through it yet. She watched as the space behind it changed with that same fizzling noise, now showing the room with a cube. Cube, Button, Exit. Cube, Button, Exit. Chell watched the pattern repeat a couple more times for good measure, then walked through the doorway once it swapped to show the cube. It shut behind her as she reached the cube, but she felt less anxious now. It was going to return, she knew that now.

Realistically, given the pattern, her spiral had only lasted a few seconds, since she returned through the portal the second it returned. She knew that, though she still felt embarrassed at having done that in front of the camera. She would have to keep herself composed next time. People were watching her, after all. The blinking red light on the camera that followed her told her all that she needed to know. Even if the viewing decks were seemingly always empty, at the very least *someone* was watching her.  

She picked up the cube, and walked towards the doorway, her thoughts taking up enough time for the portal to return. She chucked the cube through, weighing the same amount as it had in the last chamber, and it landed with a metallic thud in the open room, though accidentally hitting the radio and sending it sliding across the room with a scraping sound. She swiftly followed the cube through the gateway, not wanting to find out what happens if it swaps locations while she remains inside of it. 

Chell picked up and dusted off the humming radio, which was seemingly unperturbed by its sudden relocation, and placed it on the ground beside the gateway, as she waited for a full cycle of the pattern, before sending the cube and herself through to the large red button. She placed the cube on the button, proud of herself for managing to get through the test despite her earlier difficulties. She expected the voice to say something upon completion, as it had in the previous test, so was unsurprising to hear it return.

**"Perfect. Please move quickly to the chamberlock, as the effects of prolonged exposure to the Button are not part of this test."**

Chell considered staying with the cube anyway, despite the apparent unknown effects it might cause, but decided against doing so. She wanted to get out of this test chamber as quickly as possible so she could make sure to figure out how to complete the next one, whatever that may be. So she waited for another cycle of the gateways, passing through to the main area with the radio, picking it up and taking it out with her as she re-entered the portal, this time below the viewing deck, facing the exit.

As she passed through, the radio in her hand started to spit out static, the cheerful humming growing quieter and quieter until only the static remained. Chell tried fiddling with the buttons on it, and the radio started screaming out some beeps, far louder than the humming had been. Beep beep pause beep pause beep beep. It continued for what felt like a few minutes until it relaxed for a few moments. Then it started up again, beeping the same beeps over and over again, as if trying to send Chell a message. She wondered whether the radio itself was the one trying to talk to her, but discarded that possibility almost instantly, that would be highly unlikey, why would there be a sentient metal radio in the room she woke up in. No, she decided that someone, somewhere, was trying to send her a message. Unfortunately for the mystery messenger, Chell did not know morse could, and as she was trying to remember the message, she kept forgetting parts of the message. She glanced at the blinking red light of the camera, pointing straight at her, and decided to continue through the tests. The person sending her this message was likely not the same one behind the camera, and Chell hoped that this person would try to find a different way of sending her a message if they were truly desperate.

Chell walked up to the emancipation grill, but hesitated before passing through it. She had already discarded the possibility that the radio itself was sentient, and trying to send her a message. But what if she was wrong? Did she really want to disintegrate a potentially sentient creature? She placed the radio on the ground with a gentle kiss, putting it down just before the emancipation grill, and entered the elevator to leave to the next test chamber. She could hear the humming of the radio getting quieter as she rose, but it still helped to make the grating sound of the elevator less painful to her ears.




