Romea wandered into her boring office job where she entered numbers into a spreadsheet. That was all she did 5 days a week for 9 hours a day. Unlike most jobs that allow you Saturday and Sunday off, Romea had to work either Saturdays and/or Sundays each week as she had a part-time job that allowed her to pay for her company mandated eye cybernetics. The company would not pay for their employees enhancements that became mandatory, but they would certainly be more than willing to fire an employee who would not be able to meet the deadline for when the enhancements had to be added by. Romea had needed to work for about 3 weekends, with as many long shifts as she could on those weekends and she was just barely able to afford the enhancements with the bare minimum required specs. She had only had one other enhancement before, and those were also required by her company. Her previous enhancements were meant to reduce the strain in her fingers from typing for many hours a day each day. Romea, like most of her coworkers, was aware that despite the company’s many statements saying all of the new enhancements they are requiring workers to get are for “health and safety reasons”, the main reason for it was actually to show their control over their employees. It was also obvious to Romea that it was meant to maximise their productivity so they can say they are a better company than their competitors and make the most money for their CEO.

Romea scrolled through multiple different social media apps like she usually does when she gets bored. Most people stopped using most social media sites due to the increased numbers of ads, but Romea was used to it, and she actually thought it was quite interesting to see how companies manipulate people into buying their product as opposed to their competitions. One of her favourite things to do with these ads was to look through the reviews, to see if people genuinely enjoyed the things they bought. 