//	Seren \= Se-ren  
//	Walani \= Wa-lah-nee  
//	Kamiburai \= Kah-me-bu-rah-i

Impatiently tapping her foot against the empty train station’s smooth ground, Seren checked the time on her watch. As usual when she was forced to wait for something she considered mundane, Seren thought about pressing the minute dial on her watch. The lessons drilled into her by Walani were as infuriating as they were accurate. “No-one, not even holy Kamiburai, can accurately predict the future. If you fight it will always fight back.” This was one of Walani’s favourite sayings, so it was drilled into Seren’s brain that she should never speed-up time unless absolutely necessary. She frequently wondered why Walani had bothered to even train her in speeding up time, if he was only going to make certain she basically only used her slowing powers. It's not like she’s the only person in the world with them after all. Despite being the least common Extra-kinet, Chrono-kinet’s still number in the thousands. Until very recently Seren thought that all Chrono-kinets followed the same moral philosophy and code. Walani was the only other Chrono-kinet she had known, including the other temple students, and she assumed he was the same as all the others. Before she could think more about her experiences in the temple with her master, the train arrived. And it didn’t look like it was planning on stopping. Seren was prepared for this, as she was hired to stop the runaway train. Her orders were specific, however, as her employers did not want people knowing that they had a Chrono-kinet on their leash. Seren was to not let herself be seen under any circumstances. She asked for no details, as her masters always tell her only what is necessary, and leave the thinking and planning to Seren. She had decided that she would press the hour hand on her watch just as the train was passing by her. She would then hopefully be able to get in through the window, providing they weren’t bulletproof or anything. The front carriage passed Seren, she waited a second, and then pressed the hour hand. Time slowed down. It didn’t stop fully, it never did, but it was significantly slower than it was previously. The train was still a train, however, and Seren had to sprint in order to keep up with the carriage she had decided to shoot the window out of. Seren was just able to shoot out the window and climb in the carriage before Seren resumed time. She would have been able to keep her slowness active for a few minutes longer thanks to her training, however the side effects get significantly worse the longer she waits to restart. They are only just bearable for the 12-ish seconds it took her to get inside the moving train. Enough for her to be able to complete the job she was assigned to do. 

Seren brushed the glass shards off of her burgundy trench coat and continued through the train towards the control car with the possibly missing driver. Seren noticed one important detail as she walked up to the door to the control cabin, but failed to notice something possibly more important. What she failed to notice was that there was a crying child in the corner of the control car. However, what she did notice was that the interface on the control car’s dashboard, as the UI for it was completely broken, and everything was unreadable and more importantly unusable. Seren decided that she should check if there was wiring underneath the control interface like is required by law under the Public Transport Act of 2024\. This act required all public transport devices to have wired controls in the event the AI or driver controlling the train makes an error and is unable to stop the train through the normal methods. Seren tried to lean down to check underneath the control panel, however the speed of the train made it difficult to stay still, so she made the quick decision to slow down the time of the train car itself to make the bumps of the train moving slightly less obvious. This allowed her to unscrew the wire panels beneath the control interface and have access to the supposedly well coloured and organised wires. Instead, Seren was greeted with an incoherent mess of green, brown, black and blue. Seren was not even remotely interested in electrical appliances, and the science behind how wires work, and so never read up about how to tell which colours do what. She was so stunned by what she saw that she only noticed the child, who had gotten up from the corner of the control car, when they spoke in her ear.   
“Move over Miss, the cable management here is appalling and I don’t think you know what to do.” The child shocked Seren in two ways. Not only did they sneak up on her, while she was in her slowed time, but she was also shocked by how impolite the child was. Seren did not move to make way for the child, instead she just looked in stunned silence. She had messed up the most important rule of her contract, again. Do not be seen under any circumstances. Seren had killed for this rule before, her employers had given her many assignments, and they allowed her to kill in order to not be seen. Especially since some of her assignments involved assassination. But she had never been forced to kill a child before. In her short time contemplating what she should do, the child crawled over to where she was and carefully removed some wires. The train started to slow down, and Seren realised she had left her slowed time on even in her shock. She quickly braced herself and deactivated it. Without realising what she was doing, when she braced herself she also grabbed onto the child’s clothing and protected them from smashing into the metal door of the control car at an incredibly fast speed. As the train fully stopped moving Seren stood up and looked out of the front window of the train.  
Realising what she had done Seren spun around to look at the child she saved, but they were already leaving the train. Seren ran over to them and grabbed them by the arm.  
“Tell no one about this, child\!”  
“Don’t call me child, it’s really condescending. My name is Durena, and anyway why shouldn’t I tell anyone?” The child tried to wriggle free of Seren’s grip and she loosened it a little, but not enough to completely free them.  
“I saved your life, you owe me.”  
“Actually we’re already even. I helped you with your wire problems.”  
“That doesn’t count, I would have been fine without you.”  
“Sure you wo-“ The child cut themselves off by grabbing their head and moaning in pain.  
Seren reached into her pocket and pulled out some medicine. She gave it to the child and said “Rasuterin. Tastes like shit but it’s better than Time Sickness.”  
“Time sickness? Wait so you must be a Chrono-kinet\! So that’s what that weird feeling was.”  
“Now you know why you shouldn’t tell anyone about me. Do we have a deal?” Seren was getting annoyed. Not only at the child, although they were definitely getting on her nerves, but at herself as she kept accidentally leaking facts to this child.  
“A deal goes two ways miss, I’ll stay quiet on two conditions.  
“If they are reasonable, then sure.”  
“First, tell me your name. Second, if we ever meet again, I want you to do something for me. Say it with the words “I, your full name, shall solemnly abide by this contract.”  
Seren, getting bored of this child, and having decided to go along with their deal to get rid of them and go back to her employers for her pay, spoke the words of the contract.  
“I, Serenity Brooks, shall solemnly abide by this contract.”   
The child smiled and Serenity walked away. She did not turn back to face the child, for it she had she would have noticed them start to glow fairly before vanishing in a puff of yellow mist.  
