The Cat and the Lion

A black cat was sitting on the window sill of the zoo it lived at. It had done this many times, and this time was no exception. The cat looked out of the window, watching all the animals in the zoo go about their business, trapped in their cages. The cat spent the most time watching the big cats in the zoo as opposed to playing with the other cats in its house. The cat watched as the zookeeper’s placed a new animal that the cat had heard stories of before. The zookeepers had brought in a Lion. As the cat looked at this Lion, it started to feel something that it had never felt before. This cat, which had been given everything by its human owners, suddenly had a goal he wanted to work toward. The cat had decided that it would become a Lion, and that it would be better than the other cats. Obviously, this was a large problem. The cat divided this problem into two smaller problems, the cat would have to learn to roar like a lion, and the cat would have to have the colours of a Lion. 

The cat decided to solve the colour issue first, as it seemed like it would be the easiest. The cat walked jumped off of the warm window sill and walked around the house it resided in. The cat had seen its owners make the walls of the house change colour, so it decided to find the thing that they used to change the colour, whatever that was. The cat was unsure where to look for these materials, and decided that the best thing for it to do would be to ask one of the other animals in the house for help. The cat asked the ever loyal to the owners' dog if she knew where the colour changing materials were. The dog replied that it would likely be in the garage somewhere, but that they would probably be unable to get to it. The dog asked the cat why he wanted to know where the colour changing materials were, but the cat just ignored the question and went straight to the garage with its mind set on looking like a lion. As the cat entered the garage, it saw that the room was very organized, with a lot of cupboards likely full of things that it would have no need for. Unfortunately for the cat, the handles for these cupboards were rounded, just like the doors in the house. The cat left the garage, with a new plan of action. It would first practise opening the doors of the house before returning to the garage and opening the cupboards there to find the colour changing liquid. 

The cat re-entered the house and decided to eat some of the food that the owners’ had placed down for it a few minutes before. While the cat was eating the food, it thought about how it could work on the harder problem that it had come up with, as the colour changing had been put on hold for the time being as it practised learning how to open rounded doorknobs. The cat realized that in order to have the roar of a lion, it would have to change its meow. The cat didn’t know how it would do this, but it started by just meowing louder, as often as possible. This way the cat’s voice would get used to meowing at a loud volume, and therefore it would sound louder, and more like a lion. The cat started to meow as loud as it possibly could. The owners of the cat were out often, as they had the zoo to tend to, so the cat was able to meow without being disturbed for a long time. The cat continued to meow like this for many days at a time, until it eventually got to a point where it was louder than previously. Eager to show off the change to his voice and how much closer he was to sounding 