The door to the solitary confinement ward of Usurnare prison swung open with the force that only a Treller could muster, as Baroness Lerani Lorna elegantly made her way towards one of the most dangerous rooms on all of Tarin.
The baroness never left her estate without her entourage, and today was no exception. Despite consisiting of only four powderers, the baroness's entourage are the second most feared group in Garon, Tarin's largest city. They were intending on changing that.
Not many people knew of the Baroness's past, including a recently deceased member of her entourage--pitchers usually are the most reckless of the powderers after all, especially when they cause themselves to go deaf using their powder-- however the woman in the cell knew more than anyone. The baroness often wondered whether this woman knew more about her past than even she did. 'Even if that is the case,' the baroness thought to herself, thankful that she could trust her reader not to spy on her thoughts, 'she knows too much to be allowed to live.'
'I wonder why she let us find her so easily, could she genuinely think she has a chance of beating us?'
Despite assuming this arrest of Miss Eshanti Nitre to be a complete and utter trap--which it was-- the baroness had been deadset on coming to this prison cell as soon as possible, once making certain that the police had followed the correct protocols for once in their life and made certain that Eshanti was not a merger. The police were one of the reasons that the baroness instantly assumed the arrest to be a trap. After all, those incompetent ven had failed to arrest the barones's first client, who was one of the most idiotic people the baroness had ever had the unfortune to lay eyes upon, and she has seen many idiotic people in her life time. People, not including units of course, they were bred to be warriors so of course they don't count. They don't have the capacity for the same level of intellect like normal humans and ven, none of which come close to the baroness's of course.
The baroness and her retinue finally arrived at the door to the cell block containing prisoner 09324, Eshanti Nitre. The baroness commanded her treller Yorunad Harter to open the door to the cell. He was not the most powerful treller in Garon, let alone Tarin, however the baroness hand picked Yorunad over any other treller that she could have bought, and not just because he was cheaper than the best as she could easily afford multiple if she wanted them. Despite not being the most powerful Yorunad still commanded exactly a dozen titanium thralls. In the five years Yorunad had been the baroness's treller he had increased his max number of thralls from ten to twelve, and he was also able to increase the maximum size of his thralls. Trelling is an unusual powder, as it allows you to make a thrall out of a humanoid object of most materials, however they are limited in size and number. Size and number are also directly related, for instance Yorunad is able to make twelve thralls each made of mostly pure titanium, however they are only each exactly two feet tall. Interestingly depth is not accounted for in reducing trelling size, so it would be possible for a treller to have some thralls who look like normal humans, while others who look two dimensional.
